java c Part 1 Find an article that uses a Quantitative or mixed methods study and answer the questions below. Read the title and abstract. Skim through the methods and results. Then, answer the following (15 points): 1. What is/are the research question(s)? 2. What methodology did the authors choose? 3. Describe the data and source. 4. Describe the independent and dependent variables used. 5. What type of descriptive statistics were used in the results section? 6. How was the data distributed (skew, kurtosis, etc.)? Part 2 Problem 1 (3 points): Please provide the requested descriptive statistics for the sample of numbers below.4  7  8  4  5  2  3  4  5  5  3  8 a) Mean: b) Median: c) Mode: d) Range: e) Variance: f) Standard Deviation:  Problem 2 (2 points): Indicate whether the following data are qualitative or quantitative. a) Annual Salary:   b) School Attendance Rate: c) Political Party Affiliation: d) Distance to travel between school and home: e) Highest Degree Obtained: f) Country of Origin: Problem 3 (2 points): Below is the notation for a particular research design. Please explain what you can determine about the study based on the notation (Is it experimental, quasi-experimental, correlational, or descriptive. How many waves of observations, how many groups). NR     O     X      O NR     O             O Problem 4 (8 points): You have been provided with data from a creative arts therapy program that is to be piloted in Pennsylvania. This program is designed to help children with specific internalizing behav代 写Introductory to StatisticsSQL 代做程序编程语言ior. problems. 1,000 children were selected based on their results from the Internalizing behavior. scales in the Achenbach Child Behavior. Checklist (CBCL). However, you were not informed as to which specific internalizing syndromes are present in these children. Thankfully, the data you were provided are the children’s Anxious/Depressed, Withdrawn-Depressed, and Somatic Complaints scores. These three scores create the Internalizing behavior. branch of the CBCL. Using the statistical tools we have covered to far (measures of central tendency, measures of dispersion, properties of distributions such as skewness, kurtosis, histograms, QQ plots), try to determine which internalizing behavioral problems are more common in these children. What are the qualities of the children selected for this pilot study with respect to internalizing behavior. problems? Please organize your responses into three parts. (A methods section where you describe which descriptive statistics you used, a results section summarizing what you found, and a conclusion section detailing what you conclude regarding these children internalize behavior. scores. The data file (CBCL.xlsx) can be found in the homework folder on Canvas. Please note that the CBCL scales are t scored and normed to the general population. A score of 50 would represent the average score among children in the United States. How do these children compare to that? Higher scores than that would indicate that behavioral problem is more present within the child (ex. higher anxiety score suggests a child is more anxious). 

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
